feat(examples): add wiki runner script-first context hub workflow (#3318)
langchain-ai/deepagents: examples/wiki-runner/README.md

# Wiki Runner

> A script-first DeepAgents example that builds a persistent wiki and syncs it through `langsmith hub` commands.

Author: ```suggestion
A script-first Deep Agents example that builds a persistent wiki and syncs it through `langsmith hub` commands.
```

Author: 267504c1
